This statue is the ancestor of Tianzong, the statue of heaven and earth
Tianzong can last for thousands of years
It's all about this statue
Yuehu, it's up to you, you bastard
You dare to insult jade
Hand of Tianzong
Which one is not responsible by the statue?
And you insulted this statue today
How hard is it to get out of here alive?
Join Tianzong
Tianzong was very popular back then
All by absorbing the cool colors of the world
And now there is only a group of frogs at the bottom of the well left in Tianzong
No wonder it's so expensive
What do you say? I think you are courting death.
You saw your descendants speak rudely to me
Jade bastard, you dare to call Heaven and Earth by your real name
You take your life
advocate
A wild pet of the Ten Ugly Lin family
Match with the elderly
Disciples are willing to grow old
Hmm, learn from this person to insult the originator of Tianzong
Let its soul perish
Yes
Lin Yang
All this today is your own death
How dare you insult my ancestors?
Die for me.
Li Chen ten thousand years have passed
Do you think
Heaven and Earth Statue
It reacted because of a word from the antelope.